Fang Ming, go.
He's calling Sengo.
Don't worry.
No matter who you call today.
The result is
But Sam was the Tiger's first champion.
He's cruel.
Don't really worry.
Even if the tiger comes.
The results are the same.
Please register.
Three is coming.
Later in front of Senko.
Let me see if you can speak up.
Fill Shao Ming, you don't know, do you?
Mr. Sen is a good friend of Mr. Li's brother-in-law.
You did that to him.
If I were you, get on your knees and apologize to him right now.
Maybe I can spare you a dog's life.
Professor, I told you, your face is changing so fast.
A few days ago you called me Bridegroom.
Why so fast?
Help outsiders say hum
You know what?
Now Li Jia and Su Jia have joined hands.
Sooner or later, your Qin dynasty will perish.
I am the one who knows the times.
Moon, come here.
This is your real husband.
Uncle Sam is here.
Haha, Qin Feng Ming
Sengo is here.
You're done, let's go.